---
layout: post
title: Lab 11
---
# My first experience using snort as I was previously un-familiar with this tool that allows you to analyze live and captured traffic.
# Snort is also a Network Intrusion Detection and Prevention System (NIDS/NIPS).
# I was able to verify snort was on my machine by using snort -V and indeed it was.  Then I was able to identify the configuration file with 
# the -c parameter.  I turned on sniffer mode for Snort and used the traffic generator script to get ICMP/HTTP traffic initiated and using 
# sudo snort -v to show packets, as well as other parameters like sudo snort -d and -e.  It was very interesting to see all the information
# that was available, and this was I was only in sniffer mode at this point. 
# Next I moved onto packet logger mode, which sniffs and logs the packets.  This step took a little while for me but I was able to run the 
# necessary parameters and find the log files that were created.  Using the parameter snort -dev -K ASCII, which puts files in a format that
# humans can read.  Once again I used the traffic generator script sudo ./traffic-generator.sh with the Task-6 excercise, stopped snort
# and found my answers needed to finish task 6 and move forward to task 7 in the room.  Task 7 utitlized snort in an IDS/IPS mode and there 
# were quite a few options with different modes like alert mode, but for the task it required looking at the traffic with the default 
# configuration file, so again I ran the script to generate traffic and located the answers for Task 7.
# Task 8 was for investigating PCAPs and by using alerts Snort was able to provide information about the traffic generated like ICMP packets
# being found.  I located the mx-1, mx-2, and mx-3 pcap files and found the required answers for Task 8.
# Task 9 was about Snort rules and structure of the rules (rule header and rule options).  I was actually able to set up the rules to
# find the answers for Task 9. 
# The Snort room presented quite a range of options and it proved to be another challenging room to figure out, but I am glad I was able
# to manage to get through it even though it took a few tries.  
