---
layout: post
title: Lab 5
---
# Lab 5 was a challenge to say the least.  It was about mobile malware analysis and while it was difficult, I am glad I was able to complete it.  
# It begins with going way back to when the first malware affected a mobile device.  The name of the malware was Cabir and it infected the symbian OS that was on
# Nokia phones.  It actually multiplied the worm through bluetooth, and once it did and you powered the device on it would show "Caribe" on the screen. 
# Using a virtual machine the next step was to use the MobSF application to analyze a file named "TWFsd2FyZQ.apk" malware that targeted Android devices. 
# With a deeper analysis I used VirusTotal to find the malware program used was Metasploit, and had to get the file hash which gave further details indicating it
# Allowed 22 permissions open.  It further showed Java was the programming language used.  The application was signed with v1 signature scheme was is vulnerable to 
# Janus on Android versions prior to 7.0.
# The next task went to the virtual machine using MobSF to analyze another file called sample.apk.  Through this analysis and on VirusTotal it showed this was 
# Called Pegasus, and upon during further research it details that this spyware can be covertly installed on mobile phones and other devices that use iOS and 
# Android. It is a trojan horse virus that can be sent to infect cell phones.  Allegedly the virus may have played a role in the assassination of a Mexican 
# Journalist named Cecilio Pineda Birto, although it was not able to be confirmed since the phone was not found at the scene of the murder.
# In further investigating I was referred to Mitre ATT&CK id number S0316, which details technique T1404 that is for exploiting OS vulnerabilities.
# The app permission is listed as "dangerous" in MobSF analysis and now I know why.  This was definitely a hard room to get through and I am glad I did. 
