---
layout: post
title: Lab 9
---
# Lab 9 was listed as an easy challenge, but, it was a time consuming challenge for me. It was to test potential vulnerabilities on 
# a website called for a new startup company called "Spice Hut"
# I first ran a scan with nmap by using the machine and entering nmap with the IP address.  There were a few ports that showed up and one
# was an FTP port.  
# My next scan involved using gobuster and found a folder called files.  When I checked the website and used the webpage +/files on the 
# end of the address it brought up a couple of files, with a FTP file that was empty.  Using the machine I was able to gain access to 
# the FTP server and on github I found that a "reverse shell" could be used.  The FTP server was accessible using the command FTP then 
# entered the IP address of the site.  I was able to use "anonymous" as the login name and there was no password needed.
# I used a reverse shell.php file and by editing the port # and the IP address to load it onto the Spice Hut's site on their FTP files page.
# On my machine terminal I had to start a netcat listner with the port number I used.  Then return to the site and upon clicking the 
# uploaded FTP reverse shell file a script was able to be run. I returned to my listener and using the ls -la command found a recipe.txt 
# file and in the text was the first answer to the lab "love"
# In looking at the different files and directories there was one called "incidents", this seemed like an oddly named directory so I    
# explored a little further and it had a file in it suspicious.pcapng.  This file were packets captured in wireshark.
# In wireshark I found a packet under HTTP that someone requested a ftp/shell.php file and also in another packet there was a request to 
# enter a password for a www-data user, I copied this password from wireshark and saved it as a document on my machine in case it might
# be useful later.  I went back to my machine and from the information I gathered from wireshark captures, I found user "lennie" and was 
# prompted for a password.  I used the password I copied earlier and I was granted access, this was the answer for question number 2. 
# With lennie's access I was able to run another reverse shell in the planner.sh file.  With the commands ran with lennies
# access and again listening to a specific port # I used in the reverse shell I implanted and using the access in the root.txt file I found 
# the last answer to the lab.  
# This lab was a lot of trial and error attempts and at times was a bit frustrating.  I was determined not to give up though and I am 
# glad I did not because it was very rewarding to finish the lab successfully, even with all the time I spent on it.  I feel like I learned
# more because of the failures though.  
