#Lab 4 WebOSINT
#Task 1 find information about a website that no longer exists which was RepublicofKoffee.com.
#Task 2 do a whois lookup by using lookup.icann.org.  Find name of company the domain was registered which was Namecheap Inc. 
#Found a phone number for the registration company of 6613102107; nameserver was DNS1.REGISTRAR-SERVERS.COM; registrant was listed in country of Panama.
#Task 3 utilize archive.org site to pull up information (snapshots) of the website RepublicofKoffee.com, found that the blog's author first name was Steve.
#The author was writing from Gwangju, South Korea and the author also visited the Jeungsimsa Temple in Mudeungsan National Park.
#Task 4 was to find the IP address from October 2016 which was 173.248.188.152, and the author used a shared hosting service and the IP address changed 4 times.
#Task 5 was to find information for heat.net website by using the tools provided from the previous searches I was able to locate the nameserver, IP address 
#from December 2011; shared hosting service was used.  I found the final capture of 2001 stating "After years of great online gaming, it's time to say goodbye.
#Site was originated by SegaSoft.  Then found that the site was re-used years later for a heating/cooling site.
#Task 6 was to research the recreated website, and using heat.net/36/need-to-hire-a-commercial-heating-contractor/.
#I found 5 internal links in the article, 1 external link that went to purchase.org, and even found a google analytics code UA-251372-24.
#Task 7 linked the two sites (old and new) that the provider Liquid Web, L.L.C.
#Task 8 and 9 provided further details that most likely the creators of the two sites function as a Private Blog Network (PBN), and by using OSINT knowledge can 
#assist in online investigations.
